# Meeting 2019-01-10
### Triage: https://mozilla-necko.github.io/necko-triage/
- This week: **Valentin**

Round table item:

- [honza] https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1503960#c16 (the idea is to not send cookies - use the anonymous flag by default? - when the requesting principal is system; this should be easy to do on our side, but potential breakage of stuff like sync,telemetry,etc is not up to us, I hope) -- michal is taking this as a P2 for 67
- [junior] dogfooding proxy
- [valentin] If anyone can take a look at bug 1513458 - it's unclear **_how_** the assertion is triggered.
- [selena] https://github.com/mozilla-necko/meeting-notes/issues/3#issuecomment-451219488
## Michal

 - 1479357 Specific values for browser.cache.disk.capacity do break the cache
 - 1513676 Twice-reported memory allocations in CacheStorageService code
 - 1495336 High limit of NETWORK_CACHE_METADATA_SIZE and NETWORK_CACHE_METADATA_FIRST_READ_SIZE probes is too low
 - 1455723 Firefox59 does not properly honor cache size set in autoconfig files

## Valentin

- [triage]
- [triaged bugs still assigned Nick and Jason]
- meeting notes **[archive](https://github.com/mozilla-necko/meeting-notes/tree/master/archive)**
- 1513458 MOZ_DIAGNOSTIC_ASSERT(NS_DeserializeObject(securityInfoSerialization)) fails
- reviewing 1467223 for fission work and helping Nika fix an issue
- 1517542 - more strict nsStandardURL deserialization
- 1518730 - TRR: Firefox prefers IPv4 no matter what
- 1510691 - Send data directly from the socket process to a content process

## Kershaw

- Bug 1513057 - [socket-proc] Land socket process without http part
Dragana's min xpcom patch is reviewed.

Plan to land all patches tomorrow.

- Bug 1451293 - Crash in mozilla::net::nsHttpConnection::DontReuse
Working.

Not to access HttpConnection from main thread.

- Bug 1407384 - Make notifications respect channel.suspend
P1 got r+ again from Honza.

Working on P3.

## Junior

- Bug 1504085 - Origin header honors ReferrerPolicy
   work on wpt test and spec
- Bug 1444278 - CORS fetches redirected across origins fail because the Origin header contains the wrong value

## mayhemer

* BT
* 1420885 Google PageLoad snippet 4sec page load delay caused by tailing -> WONTFIXed
* Bug 1505861 Audit nsHttpTransaction::mConnection full access for proper locking

## Selena

TRR prelim results: 

* https://dbc-caf9527b-e073.cloud.databricks.com/#notebook/61459/command/63985
* https://gist.github.com/ilanasegall/bfb1ac76c21cce461cf663c36bacf959 
