2016-11-10

NECKO WEEKLY MEETING NOTES

Thurs Oct  27, 2016

STICKY

- Triage duty:
-  new untriaged bugs: https://tinyurl.com/zhk9yjf
- NECKO-ACTIVE bugs: https://tinyurl.com/j8pj35u
- NECKO NEXT bugs: https://tinyurl.com/zjwjfee
- NECKO-BACKLOG bugs:  https://tinyurl.com/hpkcxx3

Round Table:

     - NTLM
    - Dinner in Hawaii? (Tues)

---PROJECT UPDATES---

QUIC  (Pat, Dragana, Daniel)

Race-Cache-with-Network (Michal, Valentin, Junior)

- Landed telemetry for time load difference

Context-Driven Priority  (Honza, Kershaw, Amy, Gary, Nick)

PBackgroundHttp (SC, NIck)

Nick

- fixed h2 tests - now runs on all desktop tier-1 platforms, too!
- made h2 tests break properly next time (bounced - winxp is weird, and a pain)
- CDP work - throttling individual channels
- prefetch telemetry
- h2 perf from akamai

Honza

Michal

 - triage
 - reviews
 - 1313095 Add telemetry probes to report load time difference between network and disk cache
 - landed 1201042 Update HTTP cache index format to work with OriginAttributes' suffix
 - 1272587 Add cache API to delete recent entries

Patrick

  last week: mpendingq, 256fd telemetry, 0.9 telemetry, namespaces, neat tls, alt-svc, immutable bug, some non-necko stuff
  this week: neat tls, alt-svc, immutable bug, some non-necko stuff. more reviews.

Daniel

  ipv6 network identification code
  QUIC-team kicked off
   NEAT

Valentin

1151899 - integrate rust-url into necko

        - added new RustURL class which wrapps rust-url-capi
        - ability to unit test individually
        - nsStandardURL (may) has a reference to a RustURL object and forwards calls to it/compares the result
1310483 - [reviewing] adds query to nsSimpleURI

        - did a little refactoring
        - found several inconsistencies (bugs) in setter code
        - (small thought - it may be easier to replace this with RustURL than nsStandardURL - will investigate)
945240 - Consider making Location.href punycode non-ASCII hostnames

        - blocked on updating firefox UI code
        - prerequisite to using RustURL
1313095 - [landed] telemetry for RCWN

Dragana

Bug 1301407 -       Crash in nsNSSComponent::nsNSSComponent

SDT

Bug 1315738 -       IPv6 failure on dual stack VPN - OSX

Gary

Bug 1288308 - Add support for named pipe connection to proxy.

- r?(bagder, mayhemer)
Bug 1311044 - non-existent Unix domain socket does not produce an error

- r?(bagder)
Bug 1311275 - Assertion failed in mozilla::net::nsIOService::GetCachedProtocolHandler

- r?(mayhemer)

Junior

- prepare study group materials and retrieve MDN and wiki
https://goo.gl/FKXYMO

Amy

Bug 976073- prevent HTTP responses from setting cookies with secure flag

  - Josh r+
  - Daniel r-:have modified the suggestions from Daniel and understand his view on the spec.
                   mailed to Josh for discussing the potential problem of FindStaleCookie() which is mentioned from Daniel.
Bug 1293067 - (feature request): Implement a cookie limit warning

  - Ehsan r+, but still have to modify code from his suggestions.
  - Also needs to ask front-end peer to review the modifications of  jsterm.js.
Bug 1305380 -       Crash in IPCError-browser | (msgtype=0x4E0001,name=PCookieService::Msg_GetCookieString) Processing error: message was deserializ

 - Created a  document to arrange the potential files which maybe occur the crash. and listed all modifications between 6/1 to 8/1.
    But didn’t find any suspicious modifications.
 - In comment 11, the crash signature is gone now.

Kershaw

Bug 1305380 -       Crash in IPCError-browser | (msgtype=0x4E0001,name=PCookieService::Msg_GetCookieString) Processing error: message was deserializ

 - Crash is gone after 20161010004016.
 - Could be related to PrincipalToPrincipalInfo in nsHostObjectURI::Serialize
    http://searchfox.org/mozilla-central/rev/d96317a351af8aa78ab9847e7feed964bbaac7d7/dom/base/nsHostObjectURI.cpp#114
Bug 1257782 -       DOS explot - hang with huge content-type header

 - Got f+ from Patrick
 - Still working on next patch

SC

- trying BackTrack on Linux/Mac (build success but with runtime assertion)
- setup BackTrack on Windows
- defining performance test cases
  - small HTML with many external resources (JS /CSS)
  - huge single HTML file
  - huge image
  - small/large size of packet
  - from network or from cache
